In May 2016 I finished a B.S. in Electrical Engineering.  In the weeks between graduation and the 1st of June I transitioned from being a student employee to a full-time employee of [OU Libraries](https://libraries.ou.edu). My title became *Emerging Technologies Librarian*. This is a reflection on my first year in that role.

## June 2016

Jen Waller and I started our new positions on the same day. She and I work very closely on increasing the use of Open Educational Resources (OER) on the OU campus and didn't waste much time with tours, meet-and-greets, or training. Before June was over she and I had planned and began working on collecting all of the *open* projects of OU Libraries onto a single webpage. In my student role at the Library I was enamored with all of the work being done there in the name of open. I felt that all of these projects, specifically the one I was involved with, needed to be collected on a single page with an easy to remember URL. The OER web content I am responsible for was at the time distributed across several completely separate web pages. These at least needed to be wrangled, but I thought that it would be appropriate to collect all of the *open* projects of OU Libraries onto a single page.

As the OER Coordinator, Jen took the lead. She assembled all parties to be involved and together we produced [open.ou.edu](https://open.ou.edu). Featured on this page are the Libraries' efforts with respect to Open Educational Resources, Open Access, our institutional repository, SHAREOK, and Open Data.  We created icons and short descriptions of each of these initiatives in hopes that their leaders could all benefit from the catchy URL and each others traffic. Also, the bottom of the page is a chunk of rotating, featured, content that is meant to highlight an event or project that might otherwise be buried.

I am happy with this page and am glad it exists. Honestly, I don't know about others whose work is featured on this page, but I grin a bit every time I'm able to tell someone to, "go to open.ou.edu" instead of the numerous, lengthy URLs I used to write down for folks. Recently, Jen had stickers made using the icon design and the URL itself for promotional purposes that we distributed at the Domains 2017 conference earlier this summer.

## July 2016

July, rather than June is when I think I grappled most with

## August 2016

## September 2016

## October 2016

## November 2016

## December 2016

## January 2017

## February 2017

## March 2017

## April 2017

## May 2017

## June 2017
